[2.5] Drop Apache 2.2 support, update inline doc (#348)
ezsystems/ezplatform: doc/apache2/Readme.md

Apache 2.4 configuration
========================

> For recommended versions of [Apache](https://httpd.apache.org/), see [online eZ requirements](https://doc.ezplatform.com/en/2.5/getting_started/requirements/).

Reviewer: Pro forma I'll mention that the link won't work until we have a 2.5 branch in the doc.

Author: On this wanted to ask if we can setup a hidden alias already (for latests for now) so we can start to prepare links to the 2019lts somehow

Author: ok, lets do that

Prerequisites
-------------
- Some general knowledge of how to install and configure Apache
- Apache 2.4 must be installed using one of the following Multi-Processing Modules (MPM):
    - [Event](https://httpd.apache.org/docs/2.4/mod/event.html), or alternatively [Worker](https://httpd.apache.org/docs/2.4/mod/worker.html), for use with `php-fpm` over FastCGI.

>     - [Prefork](https://httpd.apache.org/docs/2.4/mod/prefork.html), together with `mod_php`, running php as a Apache module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [Prefork](https://httpd.apache.org/docs/2.4/mod/prefork.html), together with `mod_php`, running PHP as an Apache module.
```

>        - Useful for Backwards comparability or simple needs, for better performance _(less memory usage)_ pick a setup with `Event` MPM instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       - Useful for Backwards compatibility or simple needs. For better performance _(less memory usage)_ pick a setup with `Event` MPM instead.
```

#### Virtual Host

> _If you are new to Apache, consider checking tutorials online [like this one](https://websiteforstudents.com/how-to-run-apache2-with-php7-2-fpm-on-ubuntu-16-04-17-10-18-04/) first._

Reviewer 2: I think we should remove this part. It does not look pro.

The `NameVirtualHost` setting might already exist in the default configuration. Defining a new one will result in a
conflict. If Apache reports errors such as `NameVirtualHost [IP_ADDRESS] has no VirtualHosts` or `Mixing * ports and
non-* ports with a NameVirtualHost address is not supported`, try removing the `NameVirtualHost` line.

> For more details, see [NameVirtualHost directive](http://httpd.apache.org/docs/2.4/mod/core.html#namevirtualhost) section on the Apache documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details, see [NameVirtualHost directive](http://httpd.apache.org/docs/2.4/mod/core.html#namevirtualhost) section in Apache documentation.
```
